IN THE CHANCERY COURT FOR DAVIDSON COUNTY, TENNESSEE

MERIDIAN HOLDINGS, LLC,
     Petitioner,

v.

THE BOARD OF ZONING APPEALS OF
THE CITY OF FAIRVIEW HEIGHTS,
     Respondent.

PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI

Petitioner Meridian Holdings, LLC, by and through its undersigned counsel, Cyrus Feld, respectfully petitions this Court for a writ of certiorari and, in support thereof, states as follows.

1. Petitioner Meridian Holdings, LLC is a Tennessee limited liability company with its principal office in Davidson County.

2. Respondent the Board of Zoning Appeals of the City of Fairview Heights ("the Board") is a duly constituted board of zoning appeals organized under Tenn. Code Ann. § 13-7-106.

3. Petitioner is the owner of real property located at 118 Birch Avenue, Fairview Heights, Tennessee ("the Property").

4. On November 12, 2024, Petitioner applied to the Board for a variance from the side-yard setback requirement of the City's zoning ordinance in order to construct an addition to the Property.

5. The Board held a public hearing on the application on December 9, 2024. Notice of the hearing was published and mailed to adjoining property owners, including Priya Nair, in accordance with the ordinance.

6. At the hearing, Nair testified in opposition to the requested variance, stating that the proposed addition would encroach on established drainage patterns.

7. On December 9, 2024, the Board voted 4-1 to deny the variance application.

8. The Board's denial was communicated to Petitioner by letter dated December 16, 2024, signed by City Clerk Wendell Ashby.

9. Petitioner alleges that the Board's decision was arbitrary, illegal, and in excess of its jurisdiction because the Board failed to make findings sufficient to support its denial.

WHEREFORE, Petitioner respectfully requests that this Court issue a writ of certiorari, review the record of the proceedings before the Board, and reverse the Board's denial of the variance.

Respectfully submitted,

Cyrus Feld
Attorney for Petitioner Meridian Holdings, LLC
